<key>Wishes for mother
Happy birthday to my mom… the woman who sacrificed many a precious moments in her life, so that I could have them in mine.
No matter what I’ve said but deep down in my heart, you are the one I look up to, stay true to and love coming back home to. Happy birthday mom.
The awesome memories of my childhood have become my shadow. They follow me wherever I go, and I hope it never stops being so. Happy birthday mom.
If I can grow up to become even a LITTLE of what you are, I will consider myself to have achieved a LOT. Happy birthday mom.
As a rebellious teen I hate doing ANYTHING with you but at the same I time deep down inside my heart I know that I’d have been NOTHING if it weren’t for a mom like you. Happy birthday.
Mom, when you asked me to pursue my dreams, little did I know that you were giving up yours for mine. Thanks, happy birthday.
 When you told me what to do, I thought you were bogging me down. But in hindsight I realize that you were actually giving me wings. Happy birthday.
Mom, all this time I cursed you for trying to change who I was, only to realize in hindsight that all you were only encouraging me to be who I really am. Happy birthday.
No matter where you are, no matter what you’re doing… home will always be where your mom is. I believe this, happy birthday ma.
Like the ground beneath my feet, all the love and care you’ve put into my life has turned into a foundation that will support me as I walk life’s twists and turns. Thanks mom.
No one else is as lucky as me, because I’ve got a mom as awesome as you. Happy birthday.
The stuff you bake is good to be true, but not even half as sweet as you. Happy birthday mom.
Mom, all your life, your prayers have always been for our happiness. Today, my prayer is for you. Happy birthday.
Like how the flowers get a new lease of life in spring, you’re the one who has fixed my broken wings. Happy birthday mom.
 Life hasn’t been fair but I’m willing to trudge it all, because I have a mom who given it all up for me. Happy birthday.
Happy birthday to the woman who I never allow to touch any of my things. Ironically, she’s also the one who I always ask when I can’t find some of my things.
Stop being angry at your mom just because she says stuff that no one else does. Remember that she does things for you that no one else ever will. That’s what I’ve learnt when I’ve looked back at my childhood. Thanks ma, happy birthday.
Mom, sometimes I may not like you. But never let my moods make you feel that I don’t love you. Happy birthday.
You are the best mom ever, and like you there can be no other. Happy birthday mommy.
No one can love me more, no one can understand me better. No one can inspire me more, no one can hug me tighter. Happy birthday.
<key>Wishes for father
Dad… in my life’s treasure trove of memories, the ones we’ve shared together are the ones I miss the most. Happy birthday dad.
Today is the right time for me to say, how grateful I am to you for always showing me the way. Happy birthday dad.
Dad… like the shade of a tree, you’re my life’s canopy. Happy birthday.
People rub lamps to find genies while I simply call out my dad’s name. Happy birthday daddy.
I feel stronger just knowing that my dad believes in me, and I feel blessed knowing that he loves me more than anything else in the whole world. Happy birthday dad.
Dad… you’ve helped me go places and reach heights which have given me some of life’s best views.
Happy birthday to a dad whose first name is brilliant, middle name is awesome and last name is fabulous.
No gift can ever match the gift of love and affection you have given me all these years. Happy birthday dad.
From teaching me how to hold a fork, to avoid being a dork. From teaching me how to behave, to being cool and suave. From teaching me how to keep my conscience clear, to living a life without fear… – I owe it all to you, dad. Happy birthday.
The tears in my eyes are making me take a while, to tell you how much you have made me smile. Happy birthday dad.
Happy birthday to the adorable dad who will loosen his pockets and tighten his hugs for me just with a small tug.
I know that you don’t expect anything from me, but I expect myself to be the best possible daughter to an amazing father like you. Happy birthday.
The collage of my life would have been dull if a parent like you didn’t splash the colors of happiness on it. Happy birthday daddy.
Happy birthday to the man who taught me to be wise, how to pick myself up after a failure and rise. I love you dad.
There is not a single birthday gift in this world that can ever be worth your contribution in my life. Happy birthday to the best dad in the world.
No matter how tall I become, I will never be higher than your presence in my life. No matter how many promotions I get, I will never be richer than wealth of love in your heart. Happy birthday dad.
There couldn’t have been a better father than you on this earth.  Happy birthday to the man who taught me my worth.
 Brilliance redefined, strength guaranteed and reliability unparalleled. That’s not a car, that’s my father. Happy birthday dad.
You are the reason I am who I am, without you life would have been a complete mess and a chaotic jam. Happy birthday dad.
You are my best friend, more than just a dad. The fact that every kid does not have a father like you, makes me feel sad. Happy birthday.
<key>Wishes for sister
My dear sister, on your special day I‘d like to wish you an exciting life, full of great discoveries and joyful surprises!
It was such a great experience to grow up with a crazy and fun girl like you. I cherish all our sweet and exciting childhood memories. For me you will always be that adorable little sister, happy birthday!
It is a true blessing to have such a fun, smart and caring sister like you. Have a joyful and unforgettable day, full of everything that you love most!
Happy bday to the coolest sister ever! You always know how to cheer me up and make my day brighter, love you!
The most heartfelt wishes to my incredible sister! You mean so much to me, cutie, I wish you all the happiness in the world!
Happy birthday to my lovely sister! Wishing you ocean of fun and lots of happy memories!
The most heartfelt birthday greetings to the person whose presence in my life makes it so bright and special!
It‘s so great to have such an amazing sister like you in my life. Congratulations of your birthday! Stay cool!
I am so happy and proud to have such a cool sister like you. Thank you for your constant support and inspiration, happy birthday!
Dear sister, I wish you all the best on your Big Day and every day, may your life be full of joy, love and prosperity!
Happy birthday, gorgeous! I am grateful for the magical time that we spend together, sis. Be happy!
May smiles and fun, joy and cheer, Luck and happiness stay with you all next year! Hope your birthday brings all these to your door Filling your life with delight and much more!
Through the shifting sands of time, your memories have always filled me with delight and have become a special part of my life. Wishing you success and happiness!
Why do you worry about growing older, when you are like wine just getting better and better with age? Heartfelt birthday wishes to my dear sister!
I am so glad I had you to grow up with me And to share the tears and the laughter, You made the tears easier And the laughter more fun!
I still remember the fights we had, I still remember the joys we shared. Today on your Birthday Here is a special wish, that you always stay Happy and blessed in life! Happy Birthday Dear Sister	
<key>Wishes for brother
Brothers are what best friends can never be. Happy birthday to one such bro.
I take a moment to think about all our childhood memories, from years ago. How much I looked up to you as my brother, I bet you didn’t know. Despite our misunderstandings you have always been so nice to me – the priceless value of a brother like you, I now see. Happy birthday.
I should call you Broogle because you help me solve all the problems to which I can’t find answers in Google. Happy birthday bro.
Yours are the perfect footsteps that I want to follow. Without you, my life would have been completely hollow. Happy birthday dear bro.
The best thing mom and dad have done is to give me a brother like you. Happy birthday.
When we were small I was mad at mom and dad for making me share my room with you. Now I realize what a wonderful blessing it was growing up with you. Happy birthday bro.
You have been everything I could ever ask for, and nothing I wouldn’t want in a brother. Thanks, happy birthday.
I should call you The Wall, because you support me and help me stand tall. Happy birthday bro.
Bro, no matter what life throws at us, I’ve always got your back. Happy birthday bro.
 Other kids look up to Superman, Batman and Spider-Man. I don’t need to look at a man flying in the sky, a capped crusader zipping along the streets or a guy jumping from one building to another. I just look up to you, my brother. Happy birthday to my superhero.
From the time we played G.I. Joe to the time you taught me how to build Lego, you have been the best brother ever, is what I want you to know. Happy birthday.
All my life I’ve been chasing happiness. Little did I know that I was drenched in it, through all the years of childhood that I spent with you. Happy birthday bro.
On my brother’s birthday I am making a wish, that we always remain inseparable like water and fish. Happy birthday.
You are the one who has taught me never to quit, by taking on life’s troubles with humor and wit. Having you around is such a delight, you light up my days and make everything seem bright. Happy birthday bro.
 I always keep saying that you and I are totally different individuals. But the bottom of my heart knows that we couldn’t be more similar. Happy birthday bro.
You’re more than just a brother, you’re also my best friend and someone I know I can count on to be there for me in good times and bad. Thanks for always having my back. Happy Birthday!
Happy birthday to our parent’s second favorite child! Just kidding, brother. I wish you the best on your special day.
Happy Birthday to my brother, my best buddy and the only guy I can trust to help me get out of trouble.
Another year gone, a little less hair on your head, but a whole lot of love in my heart for you. Have a happy birthday, and remember that men just get better with age.
Your optimistic spirit and cheerful words always encourage me. Thanks for being such a great brother. Have a terrific Birthday!
<key>Wishes for friends
As friends go, you&apos;re not one of the best. You&apos;re THE best! May this year&apos;s birthday be the best ever for you
Birthdays come around every year, but friends like you only come once in a lifetime. I’m so glad you came into my life. Best wishes on your special day.
You are a true friend, so please don’t change ever! Happy Birthday, and may every wish you have come true!
For many people, the word friend is just a sequence of letters. For me, it is the source of happiness and strength because of you. Happy Birthday, buddy!
It is hard to believe so many years have already passed. I am glad we’ve been friends for so long. Happy Birthday to the best!
With a friend like you by my side I feel like I can take on whatever challenges life throws at me. Happy Birthday!
By your examples, you have shown us goodness and light and truth. I know you will continue to be a shining example as you face another year. Thank you for being you, and happy birthday, dear one.
The passing of time didn’t change you. You remained the most beautiful person I ever known. Happy birthday my dear friend!
Because I have a friend like you, every day feels like a holiday. I can’t wait to celebrate your birthday like it’s the most important day of the year!
Your birthday gives all the people whose lives you’ve improved, a designated day to tell you how happy we are that you entered the world on this day.
Let’s make your birthday a day that you will always remember. Happy Birthday, my friend! We have some serious partying to do, so let’s get to it
You deserve the best life has to offer. Thanks for being such a supportive friend. I hope you have a great Birthday!
Childhood passes do quickly. I am so glad we were friends then and that we still are. May your day be as special as you!
The world was never the same the day you were born. As your best friend, I’m glad that day happened. Happy Birthday, my friend! Live long and prosper!
<key>Wishes for boyfriend
Being with you makes all the knots of life come undone. Happy birthday.
Happy birthday to the guy who’s has always been my heartthrob and heartbeat, never my heartbreak or heartache.
I am the luckiest girl in the world to have a boyfriend like you. Same pinch, because you are the luckiest boyfriend in the world to have a girlfriend like me. Happy birthday.
Happy birthday to the boyfriend that most girls can only dream of having. I love you.
Guys should learn from you, what being a boyfriend is really all about. Happy birthday.
Your hugs are like a warm blanket on a chilly morning. Your kisses are like a cool breeze on a summer night. xoxo
Happy birthday to the guy whose smiles and laughter I live by. Thanks for making my life tick.
Being in a relationship with you is crazier than the craziest roller coaster ride. I love my life, all thanks to a wonderful boyfriend like you. Happy birthday.
Falling in love with you is the only fall I have ever enjoyed. Happy birthday. xoxo
I started dating you because I thought that you were a good looking catch. Now my thoughts have changed, and I think that we are the perfect match. Happy birthday handsome.
Hey You! We’ve been together for a long while, but I still get weak knees when I see you smile. Happy birthday.
I hope I can keep you happier, than the happiest boyfriend in the world. I love you.
I like your cute smile but what I like more, is the way you make me smile. I love you, happy birthday.
Celebrating your birthday is a reminder that being your girlfriend makes every day of life worth celebrating. Muah.
All girlfriends would be happy like me… if all boyfriends were as awesome as you. Happy birthday.
From the moment I saw you, I was intrigued by your smile and handsome charm. Now it is your special day, and I want you to know I am still head-over-heels.
For the guy who can charm me from across the room with just a smile, I hope this day brings everything you want and more!
I’m so excited to be with you for your birthday this year. Here’s to making sure the upcoming year is filled with fun, love, and romance together. I can’t wait for all of the wonderful times the next year will bring us.
You are the hottest guy at school! Thank you for being my partner in crime as we navigate the world together. Happy Birthday!
Even when my skies are grey, you brighten every day. You will always be the love and light in my life. Happy Birthday!
<key>Wishes for girlfriend
You are always complaining that the gifts I give you seem to say that I do not know you at all.Well this year, you’re in for a surprise. Happy birthday darling.
For a lot of years, I was lonely and miserable and I was just pretending to be happy, because I did not want for people to feel sorry for me. But then you came along and everything changed. Now I am happy and cheerful and I don’t have to pretend anymore. For that and for everything else that you brought in my life thank you and happy birthday honey.
I was so disappointed with my previous girlfriends, that I had decided I was going to be better on my own. And actually solitude didn’t scare me at all. But then you came along and you showed me how much better a man is with a great woman by his side, how much better life is when you spend it with a woman you love and cherish. Thank you for not letting me to become a bitter, lone old man. Happy birthday darling.
You are the angel in my life. On this day, god sent you on earth so we could be together. Happy Birthday to the brightest star in my life!
It must be my birthday every day because you gift me with your presence every day. Thank you for being the greatest gift anyone has ever given me. Happy birthday
You are gorgeous, captivating, great, fabulous, fascinating… You rock! You roll! You are my babe, my squeeze, my lady… Oh yeah, happy birthday too!
I realize I sometimes get very frustrated with all your jealousy, but I have to admit, I kind of like it too, that you care so much about me. So, happy birthday my little jealous cat.
This year is the first one that we are not going to be together at your birthday and it truly breaks my heart. Wish you here honey, and happy birthday.
This year, you complained a lot about us being poor. And although you are kind of exaggerating, I have decided,  instead of the extremely eloquent wishes I usually extend,  to dedicate to you a lyric from your favorite band, Jet: So, “You don;t need the money when you look like this honey”.
I truly can’t remember your exact age, but you surely look a year younger than last year. Happy birthday!
I almost forgot your birthday. That’s why I didn’t buy you anything, except from these flowers, these golden earrings and this diamond ring, which I just forgot back home. So, you’ll have to be compromised with just… me!
Well, I’m afraid I have to leave early tonight. I really have to meet with a special girl with the most amazing looks! Well, you already know her; have a look at the mirror! Happy birthday pretty!
The birthday djinn granted me three wishes! Since we are together, I’ll have to look for the other two. May all the wishes you make today come true!
I wish we’ll be together, until the candles need more space than the birthday cake does. May you have a dream birthday!
Thick and thin  till death do us apart… I’ll take care of you.To me your birthday is a precious day .. I hope it brings you joy in every way.I love you.
Wanted to show you how much i care, i thought of reading you a love poem, I thought of asking the sun to send you caressing warm ranes and from the birds sing you a love tune, but all that pales to your inner beauty so all is left to say is happy birthday, i Love you.
Being with you the every day of the year is what is worth for me, so your birthday is just another day of celebration. Happy birthday and joy for all your days.
I wish I could share the way I feel right now with every sad person in the city. You fill my heart with happiness and give a reason to smile. May you have everything you wish for your birthday!
The day I met you was like I was born again, so you also know when my birthday is. For yours, I wish you be as happy all year long as I am today!
There’s nowhere else I would like to be in this special day. Leave everything behind and let us celebrate your birthday together. It only takes you, me and a fine wine.
<key>Wishes for husband and wife
I still remember the moment when we looked into each others’ eyes and said I Love You for the first time… because it feels exactly the same way, even today. Happy birthday.
It is difficult to be married to a husband as handsome as you, because when other women drool at you I wish I knew kung fu. Happy birthday.
You are my Instagram because your love envelops my life in the most beautiful hues. Happy birthday.
You make me feel like I’m falling in love with you for the first time, again and again. I love you, happy birthday.
You are rough from the outside, which is why I find you handsome. You are tender from the inside, which is why I love you. Happy birthday.
Let’s take a selfie together because I want to post in on Facebook and show everyone the person whose smile makes my life tick. Happy birthday.
The secret to a happy marriage can be encapsulated in just four words – A Husband Like You. Happy birthday.
Admiration, aspiration and inspiration – these are not mere motivational words, but the feelings you invoke in my heart every single day. Happy birthday darling.
There is no pill or spray in the world which guarantees 100 percent pain relief, like how your kisses do. Happy birthday.
After I got married to you, I realized that real men don’t wear a shining armor, they become their wives’ shining armor. Happy birthday to my knight.
Just look at how far we’ve come. I don’t know what the future holds, but as long as we’re together I know it’ll be awesome. Happy birthday.
I fell in love with you, not because of what I found in you, but because of what you helped me find inside my heart. Happy birthday.
Life is, nothing short of a treat. Because I have, a husband who is so sweet. Even after all these years, he sweeps me of my feet. His hugs and kisses are what, make my heart beat. Happy birthday.
You’re not just the man of my dreams, you’re also the father of my children. You’re not just my husband and life partner, you’re the soul mate who gives my life meaning. Happy birthday.
I am not getting complacent with you. It’s just that I am comfortable baring my soul and sharing every bit of my life with you, without any hang-ups. Happy birthday.
Whether it is twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, thirty days a month or twelve months a year – one lifetime will never be enough to drool over a man as handsome as you. Happy birthday.
Every candle on your cake signifies how you’ve lit up our lives with your love. Happy birthday.
Your birthday is a sweet reminder that our relationship is all about looking into the years that lie ahead. The past has never mattered, and never will. Happy birthday.
I never knew what SOULMATE meant until I met you – the man whose heart spoke to mine and whose soul connected with mine. Happy birthday.
The words I, ME and YOU ceased to matter when life became about US. Happy birthday.
Deep down in my heart I know that I can trust you blindly. But you taught me something more important – which is to trust myself blindly. Happy birthday.
On your birthday I want to make a promise that I will not tire, until I fulfill all your wishes and desires. Happy birthday.
Good times become better and bad times become tolerable when shared with a life partner like you. Happy birthday.
Happy birthday to the perfect wife who has made me the perfect husband that I am today.
Although I am blinded by your love, it has opened my eyes to a better future. Happy birthday.
In my arms, I want you to be. My love for you, I want you to see. My heart beats, I want you to feel. Layers of my emotions, I want you to peel. In my eyes, I want you to gaze. Lost together, I want us, in love’s daze. Happy birthday.
Most people read quotes to find the true meaning of life, but all I need to do is to look into your eyes. Happy birthday.
There is so much to like about you baby, complimenting you would take longer than infinity. You are the woman of my fantasy, and I can’t imagine my life without you baby. Happy birthday.
Your birthday cake is symbolic of how your sweetness makes life’s bitter moments worth tolerating. Happy birthday.
I amassed a massive debt on the day I got married to you – the debt of unconditional love and undying commitment. I promise to keep repaying this debt until my very last breath. I love you, happy birthday.
Good times or bad, happy or sad… just one look into your eyes is all it takes to make me smile. Happy birthday.
