May the melody and spirit of the holidays fill your home with love and peace. I wish you all the best and happy New Year too!
In this loveliest and happiest of seasons, may you find many reasons to celebrate. Have a wonderful Christmas!
May your Christmas be decorated with cheer and filled with love. Have a wonderful holiday!
Let the spirit of Christmas warm your home with love, joy and peace. Have a blessed Christmas!
Count your blessings, sing your Christmas carols, open your gifts, and make a wish under the Christmas tree. May you have a Merry Christmas!
There are many gifts under the Christmas tree, but the best one is you!
May success be with you and everything you do, Merry Christmas and a happy New Year too!
Tis the season! Wishing you a wonderful Christmas filled with memories you’ll always treasure. Merry Xmas wishes to you!
May you give and receive much love, joy, and peace this season. Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!!
Wishing you all the best that life can bring, Merry Christmas to you and a year full of blessings.
May God bless you with a festive, loving and peaceful celebration this Christmas and all throughout the year.
Christmas can be many things or it may be a few, but all I wish on this holiday is the best for you. Merry Christmas and a happy New Year!
I hope you awake on Christmas morning feeling like a child again. Merry Christmas and all the best in the New Year!
May your Christmas sparkle and your holiday overflow with gifts and love. Merry Christmas!
All I want for Christmas is you, my dear. May we celebrate this holiday together holding each other’s hand year after year. Merry Christmas my love.
Health, love and happiness I wish to you, Merry Christmas and good tidings too. Happy New Year!
The bells are ringing everywhere, and Santa’s on his way, there’s peace blanketing the snow-covered land, on this special Christmas day!
Bless us, oh Lord, this Christmas, with a giving spirit, quietness of mind and serenity in our hearts, and may all beings be blessed with the same gifts.
May the treasures and pleasures of Christmas be with you with love and peace all year through. Merry Christmas!
May the lights of Christmas be your guide and the Christmas carols fill you with cheer. Have a happy holiday!
Christmas season is a full of magic, gifts, carols and joyous celebration. Have the best Christmas ever.
May you be wrapped with love and warmth and be blessed with a long and healthy life. Merry Christmas and a happy New Year!!
Wishing you a Merry Christmas and may you have good health, abundance and everlasting joy in your life.
Have a cheerful, holly, jolly, and a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New year too!
This Christmas season may we open our hearts to all people and to God. Merry Christmas and a happy New Year!
Have a wonderful Christmas and may it be filled with your favorite things and the people you love.
Wishing you a beautiful holiday with lots of cheers and gifts coming your way. Merry Xmas greetings!
This Christmas season may your heart glow with cheer and may you have someone to kiss under the mistletoe. Merry Christmas and a healthy New Year!
May the Christmas spirit shine like the Christmas lights and warm your hearts this holiday season. Have a blessed holiday!
Christmas is all about giving, sharing and eating. May your home be filled with love, lights and singing. Happy Holidays!
May the stars shine on you this season and all the year through out. Have a wonderful Christmas!
Sending you lots of love and heartfelt wishes to have a wonderful Christmas and holiday cheer. Happy New Year!
Family and friends we gather near to celebrate Christmas with carols and cheers. Happy Holidays!
May you share joyful memories, laughter and good cheer with your loved ones on this Christmas.
May your wish list come true. Happy Holidays!
December is here and the Christmas spirit fills the air. Let us honor our king who is near and dear. Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
May Santa bring you the gifts you want and may you never take your blessings for granted. Be thankful and Merry Christmas! Happy holiday wishes to you!
May your Christmas be filled with sharing, loving, and thanking God for all his blessings. Happy holidays!
I dream for you a white Christmas and may your New Year be merry and bright. Merry Xmas!
May the joy of Christmas fill your home with gifts, warm greetings and a loving family. Have a blessed Christmas!
Here’s to a year of blessings and beyond. Have a Merry Christmas!
Let us celebrate Christmas with lots of fun, surprises and magic. May you have a wonderful Christmas!
May you receive the gifts of peace and love. Merry Christmas and all the best in the New Year!
Peace, love and harmony I wish to you and may His love fill your home with blessings too. Happy Holidays!
May you stop taking “selfies” and instead create “givies” in the spirit of Christmas. Happy Holidays!
I wish you and your family a joyful, serene and white Christmas. Happy Holidays!
From miles away, no matter how far we are, the warmth of Christmas will bring us closer together. May you have a wonderful holiday!
Have a jolly and blessed Christmas and a Happy New Year!
This is the time of year to be grateful to Jesus because he got you a few extra days off from work.
Thanks to autocorrect, the children who don’t check over their work will be getting a visit from Satan this year.
It’s the thought that counts and I put a ton of thought into picking out this Christmas card for you!
One of the best things about Christmas is the office Christmas party. It’s a great opportunity to finally meet face-to-face the people who you’ve been emailing from a few feet away all year.
I like my men like I like my Christmas ornaments: bright, colorful and well hung!
Do you know why this Christmas card is so wonderful? Because it isn’t an email and it isn’t a text.
Money is scarce, times are hard, but I still managed to get you a Christmas card.
A Christmas greeting from a lawyer: Wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year. Disclaimer: the wisher of these wishes claims no liability, the terms ‘merry’ and ‘happy’ should not be construed as legal advice and the word ‘Christmas’ should be interpreted as including any and all other holidays, religious or otherwise, that occur in/or around the same time of year.
Sorry to inform you but Christmas is cancelled this year. Apparently YOU told Santa you were good this year and he died laughing.
Can I please have your picture so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Does anyone else think it is strange that we allow an old, fat man to sneak into our house in the middle of the night, eat cookies and drink milk and then fill our socks with his junk?
I am permanently on the naughty list, and damn proud of it too!
I took my daughter to go see Santa at the mall, and guess what that jerk did? He called her a ‘ho’ three times!
Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house everyone was on their phone.
You light up my life like a Christmas tree. I am grateful to be your friend.
Christmas time comes once a year and thanks to friends like you I am full of cheer!
When I count the blessings of my life, I count you twice!
Merry Christmas best friend, thanks for all the joy you send! Happy New Year to you too, may you have joy all year through.
Merry Christmas my friend, I’ll tell you what you are, you’re as beautiful as an angel, as bright as a star.
There’s no gift out there that I can give you to show you how much I care. You are my best friend in the world and I will carry you in my heart everywhere I go.
What I treasure most this Christmas is your friendship. Merry Christmas friend!
I am so happy to celebrate Christmas with you, my friend, my confidant and my hero.
Your friendship and your love is the best Christmas gift that I’ve gotten. May the glow of the Christmas candles brighten your day.
Merry Christmas to you my dear, may you have a healthy, successful and joyful New Year.
Christmas is more special because I get to celebrate it with a friend like you. Merry Christmas my friend!
I wish you a life full of wonderful things as you have filled my life with great friendship. I am so lucky to have you as my friend. Merry Christmas and a wonderful New Year!
Merry Christmas to the best friend ever. Santa knew just what I wanted when he brought you into my life.
It is friends like you that make this season so special and magical.
Merry Christmas to my best friend, the only person who knows all of my faults and still sticks around.
Good friends are like guardian angels, always looking out for you. Merry Christmas friend.
Your friendship is the greatest Christmas present. Thanks for for all the awesome memories.
You are my friend so I am not going to wish you peace, love and happiness. May you win the lottery, have an unlimited supply of alcohol and lots of spectacular lovers!
This time of year sucks, but it sucks less when I have a friend like you to ride it out with me.
Thanks for always being such a good friend. May you have a wonderful Christmas and a happy and healthy New Year!
We may not be perfect, we may have our flaws, but one thing’s for certain, we all love Santa Claus!
Merry Christmas Mom and Dad. Thanks for making it so I always fondly remember my childhood at this time of year.
Merry Christmas to my siblings. We may sometimes fight and disagree, but at least we get along under the Christmas tree!
Merry Christmas, my child. Thanks for being the greatest gift of my life.
Merry Christmas to the greatest parents. Thanks for filling my childhood full of joy, cheer and Christmas spirit.
I couldn’t ask for a better family. Thanks for giving me something to be so grateful about.
Merry Christmas to the greatest sister ever. Thanks for always being there for me whenever I needed you.
Merry Christmas to the world’s best brother. Santa knew exactly what the perfect gift for me was: you!
Christmas just isn’t the same without being with family. And even though we are apart this year, the memories of all Christmases past brings me good cheer.
I am so happy that you grew up to be such a wonderful person. I am a proud parent. Merry Christmas my angel.
I look forward to celebrating Christmas with all of you. I am lucky to have such an amazing family.
Guiding and loving me through life is the best gift you’ve ever given me. Mom, you are truly irreplaceable.
Mom, thank you for raising me, for giving me life and for your unconditional love. I am so lucky.
Thank you for dressing up like Santa on Christmas, thank you for being my father for my entire life and thank you for being the best friend I will ever have.
Having parents like you is the best Christmas gift I ever had and I thank God every day for that.
Each one of you is precious to me. I am so blessed to be in this family. May God’s love fill our home at Christmas.
You are such a blessing, I am proud to be your parent. Merry Christmas with lots of love and hugs!
Watching you open your presents with a smile on your face is the best Christmas gift I could ever get. Merry Christmas my dear and I love you.
I wish Santa could wrap you up because all I want for Christmas is you here with me.
I don’t need anything from Santa because I was blessed with such a wonderful family. Merry Christmas!
